source/blog/2015-06-11-announcing-finaglecon.md, before:

---
layout: post
title: Announcing FinagleCon 2015
published: true
post_author:
  display_name: Travis Brown
  twitter: travisbrown
tags: Finagle
---

Yesterday we opened registration and the call for participation for
[FinagleCon][finaglecon], a new annual conference for the Finagle community.
This year's conference will be co-located with [Scala by the Bay][sbtb] at the
[Kaiser Center][kaiser] in Oakland, CA, and will take place on Thursday, August
13, the day before Scala by the Bay begins.

<p align="center">
  <a href="http://scala.bythebay.io/">
    <img src="http://scala.bythebay.io/cimages/ScalaByTheBay_logo.png" style="margin: 1em 0em;" alt="Scala by the Bay logo"/>
  </a>
</p>

The conference program will include keynotes by Twitter's
[Marius Eriksen][marius] and SoundCloud's [Phil Calçado][phil], talks by Finagle
adopters and contributors, and workshops and tutorials on a range of
Finagle-related topics (including [Finatra][finatra] and [Finch][finch]).
READMORE

We'd love to have your talk on the program, so if your
organization is using Finagle, send us a proposal! You'll need to create a
[Linux Foundation][lf] account if you don't have one already (they're helping us
host the event), and you'll want to select "FinagleCon 2015" as the event when
filling out the [Call for Participation form][cfp]. The CFP will be open until
June 30, and we'll be announcing the full program on July 13. Please
[let us know][email] if you have any questions about the proposal process.

All Scala by the Bay attendees will receive a discount code that will allow them
to register for FinagleCon for free, and Scala by the Bay registration is
[available at the regular price][sbtb-tickets] through June 16. Once you're
registered for Scala by the Bay, please stay tuned for details about how to
register for FinagleCon with the discount code.

It's also possible to [register for FinagleCon independently][register] if
you're not attending Scala by the Bay (note that these tickets will not include
access to other Scala by the Bay events).

We're also inviting organizations that are using Finagle to join the program as
sponsors. If you're interested in sponsoring FinagleCon, please see
[our prospectus][prospectus] and [get in touch over email][email].

This is our first time holding this event, so if you have questions please let
us know—we're on Twitter at [@finaglecon][twitter], and you can also reach us
[by email][email]. Help us make the first FinagleCon a success!

[cfp]: http://events.linuxfoundation.org/cfp/dashboard
[email]: mailto:finaglecon@twitter.com
[finaglecon]: https://finagle.github.io/finaglecon/
[finatra]: https://github.com/twitter/finatra
[finch]: https://github.com/finagle/finch
[kaiser]: http://kaisercenter.com/
[lf]: http://www.linuxfoundation.org/
[marius]: https://twitter.com/marius
[phil]: https://twitter.com/pcalcado
[prospectus]: https://finagle.github.io/finaglecon/sponsorship/prospectus.pdf
[register]: https://www.regonline.com/Register/Checkin.aspx?EventID=1719477
[sbtb]: http://scala.bythebay.io/
[sbtb-tickets]: http://scala.bythebay.io/tickets.html
[twitter]: https://twitter.com/finaglecon

Commit message:

New post and updated venue information for FinagleCon

source/blog/2015-06-11-announcing-finaglecon.md, after:

---
layout: post
title: Announcing FinagleCon 2015
published: true
post_author:
  display_name: Travis Brown
  twitter: travisbrown
tags: Finagle, FinagleCon
---

Yesterday we opened registration and the call for participation for
[FinagleCon][finaglecon], a new annual conference for the Finagle community.
This year's conference will be a [Scala by the Bay][sbtb] event hosted
[at Twitter HQ][venue-change] in San Francisco, and will take place on Thursday,
August 13, the day before Scala by the Bay begins.

<p align="center">
  <a href="http://scala.bythebay.io/">
    <img src="http://scala.bythebay.io/cimages/ScalaByTheBay_logo.png" style="margin: 1em 0em;" alt="Scala by the Bay logo"/>
  </a>
</p>

The conference program will include keynotes by Twitter's
[Marius Eriksen][marius] and SoundCloud's [Phil Calçado][phil], talks by Finagle
adopters and contributors, and workshops and tutorials on a range of
Finagle-related topics (including [Finatra][finatra] and [Finch][finch]).
READMORE

We'd love to have your talk on the program, so if your
organization is using Finagle, send us a proposal! You'll need to create a
[Linux Foundation][lf] account if you don't have one already (they're helping us
host the event), and you'll want to select "FinagleCon 2015" as the event when
filling out the [Call for Participation form][cfp]. The CFP will be open until
June 30, and we'll be announcing the full program on July 13. Please
[let us know][email] if you have any questions about the proposal process.

All Scala by the Bay attendees will receive a discount code that will allow them
to register for FinagleCon for free, and Scala by the Bay registration is
[available at the regular price][sbtb-tickets] through June 16. Once you're
registered for Scala by the Bay, please stay tuned for details about how to
register for FinagleCon with the discount code.

It's also possible to [register for FinagleCon independently][register] if
you're not attending Scala by the Bay (note that these tickets will not include
access to other Scala by the Bay events).

We're also inviting organizations that are using Finagle to join the program as
sponsors. If you're interested in sponsoring FinagleCon, please see
[our prospectus][prospectus] and [get in touch over email][email].

This is our first time holding this event, so if you have questions please let
us know—we're on Twitter at [@finaglecon][twitter], and you can also reach us
[by email][email]. Help us make the first FinagleCon a success!

[cfp]: http://events.linuxfoundation.org/cfp/dashboard
[email]: mailto:finaglecon@twitter.com
[finaglecon]: https://finagle.github.io/finaglecon/
[finatra]: https://github.com/twitter/finatra
[finch]: https://github.com/finagle/finch
[kaiser]: http://kaisercenter.com/
[lf]: http://www.linuxfoundation.org/
[marius]: https://twitter.com/marius
[phil]: https://twitter.com/pcalcado
[prospectus]: https://finagle.github.io/finaglecon/sponsorship/prospectus.pdf
[register]: https://www.regonline.com/Register/Checkin.aspx?EventID=1719477
[sbtb]: http://scala.bythebay.io/
[sbtb-tickets]: http://scala.bythebay.io/tickets.html
[twitter]: https://twitter.com/finaglecon
[venue-change]: https://finagle.github.io/blog/2015/07/15/new-finaglecon-venue/
